# Personal Projects
By Grant Lewis

This repo is meant to be a location to show-case some personal projects that I have worked on (some of which I am unable to make public currently).

### About Me:
I am a master's student at Brigham Young University studying Computer Science.  My anticipated graduation is in April 2024.  Over the course of my college career I have had several opportunities to work on real-world problems and research.  This includes work as a Graduate Research Assistant focused on researching Large Language Models (LLMs) and how to differentiate them from human written text.  I also have spent over one year as an Associate Data Scientist working on the data science team for Storied.com helping process and digitize millions of records for accurate and effective searching. 

### 89.1% Accuracy at Detecting ChatGPT 

As part of my graduate research, I developed a method to differentiate between text generated by an LLM and text written by a human.  Part of this research involved training a Bayesian Neural Network to differentiate between the different texts.  To do this, I developed a sliding window approach which to look at tokens from an input text.  Each timestep was passed into the network to determin the probability text was generated by an LLM.

### Ancestor Avatar Generation

Image generation has improved dramatically with the advent of diffusion models.  One such use-case is to generate images of people, or avatars for ancestors who do not have this information readily available.  My intention was to develop a simple interface where people could provide some basic information and generate an image for


### Skyjo Game Bot





